.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH MAILSYNC SECTION "February 15, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH mailsync
mailsync \- Synchronize IMAP mailboxes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mailsync
.RI [ options ] " channel"
.br
or
.br
.B mailsync
.RI [ options ] " store"
.br
or
.br
.B mailsync
.RI [ options ] " channel store"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBmailsync\fB command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBmailsync\fP is a way of keeping a collection of mailboxes synchronized. The
mailboxes may be on the local filesystem or on an IMAP server.

There are three invocations of \fBmailsync\fP:

The first will synchronize two sets of mailboxes - in mailsync referred to
as "stores".

The second form will list the contents of a store. It's usage is recommended
before synchronizing two stores to check whether mailsync is seeing what you
are expecting it to see.

The third form will show you what has changed in a store since the last
sync.

.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-f file
Use alternate config file.
.TP
.B \-n
Don't expunge mailboxes when synchronizing.
.TP
.B \-D
Delete any empty mailboxes after synchronizing..
.TP
.B \-m
Show from, subject, etc. of messages that are killed or moved when synchronzing.
.TP
.B \-M
Also show message-ids (turns on \fB\-m\fP).
.TP
.B \-s
Says would would be done without doing it (turns on \fB\-n\fP).
Attention: this \fBwill\fP change the "Seen" flag of emails and will create new,
empty mailboxes in order to be able to compare them.
.TP
.B \-v
Show IMAP chatter.
.TP
.B \-vb
Show warning about braindammaged message ids
.TP
.B \-vw
Show warnings
.TP
.B \-vp
Show RFC 822 mail parsing errors
.TP
.B \-h
Show help.
.TP
.B \-d
Show debug info.
.TP
.B \-t mid
Use mailsync with specified message-id algorithm. Currently you have the
choice between \fBmd5\fP and \fBmsgid\fP (default). \fBmsgid\fP uses the
Message-ID in the mail header to identify a message. \fBmd5\fP calculates
a MD5 hash from the "From", "To", "Subject", "Date" and "Message-ID" headers
and uses that as message identifier.

If you use mailclients and servers that allow empty Message-IDs (f.ex. in mail
drafts) then you should use the md5 algorithm.

.SH SEE ALSO
There is more documentation in
.IR /usr/share/doc/mailsync
, and in
.IR /usr/share/doc/libc-clientxxxxxx/internal.txt
.SH AUTHOR
Originally written by Jaldhar H. Vyas <jaldhar@debian.org> for the Debian
GNU/Linux system. Updates by T. Pospisek <tpo_deb@sourcepole.ch>.
